If you want to get to know your supervisor is a little bit better. I say
the best thing that you could do is to be involved in whatever they're
involved in. Maybe they're They have some kind of job that needs
to be accomplished. And it's not your turn to do that job. Um, Well,
because you're not involved in that work, you can kind of say like,
hey, you know, like, what does it take to do what you're doing?
Let me see, You know, be over their shoulder. Um, if they are in involved
in some work, you know, you could be down there, you know, with
another wrench saying, Hey, you know what? I'm here. Let me see how
you operate. Um, when they are in when they are involved in your own
in your work, then, um, that's a great opportunity for you. Toe.
Collaborate with them. Um, sometimes you might not need him there, but
say Hey, you know what? Can you please come down here? Just kind
of oversee my work? Tell me what I'm doing wrong. Tell me what I'm doing.
Right. Or how would you do this? This is what I do it, um what
would you do in this case? They're gonna be many opportunities for
that